Doctor, how is my mother?
Patient with sudden myocardial infarction
Immediate surgery is required
This is the list of income fees
Go and pay the fee
The patient's condition is not optimistic
It can't be delayed any longer.
ASAP.
200,000 me to pay
You may rest assured.
Thank you for liking it.
Don't worry, who will your mother accompany?
I have already said hello to the hospital for payment.
No one will save your mother
Ye Lili why are you here
Why good sister
I found you so hard
I finally found you
Who is he? My half-sister
It's a bit complicated to say.
I'll explain it to you later.
Ye Li, what are you trying to do?
You bastard
Of course I'm going to kill you.
You and your mother don't want to live today